feat: update existing guides for task-handler release (#296)
canonical/landscape-documentation: docs/how-to-guides/landscape-installation-and-set-up/install-landscape-in-an-air-gapped-or-offline-environment.md

#### (Landscape 26.04 only) Download the Landscape Server snap services

> Landscape 26.04 LTS depends on three snap services, `landscape-task-handler`, `landscape-outbox` and `landscape-debarchive`, which are downloaded separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Landscape 26.04 LTS depends on the following snap services, `landscape-task-handler`, `landscape-outbox` and `landscape-debarchive`, which are downloaded separately.
```
